Fix the alerts about conditional tasks (#1686)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a validation to ensure reputation command's default argument is set as an array input.
* Added the `--fail-duplicates` flag for the **merge-id-set** command which will fail the command if duplicates are found.
* Added the `--fail-duplicates` flag for the **create-id-set** command which will fail the command if duplicates are found.

> * Fixed an issue in **Validate** in playbooks with conditional tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in **Validate** command where playbooks conditional tasks were mishandeled.
```
